Yeah.
Junior brother, junior brother
Ah, master, this
This is really self-inflicted
How affectionate and injustice?
From now on, I will be the strongest in the three worlds
Senior brother was also affected by the devil energy
Ying Feng, how are you?
They are just tainted by demonic energy
I have my own way to solve it
Yingfeng, are you going to use the orchid cheats?
So many people.
I'm afraid I'll die for evolution to realize the exhaustion of power
Master, this is the miracle I've been waiting for
What a miracle
The divine bones in your body and the plan are muscles and bones.
Strong is strong
The strongest driver can destroy the sky and the earth
Really? Why? I don't feel it.
Although the power of the bones has reached the police
But still need a key to open
Nice key
Absorb the resentment of heaven and earth in advance
You need the most powerful movement of all time
Can be used as a key
Completely stimulate the strongest demon of the divine bone
The source of demonic energy is ancient resentment
They are controlled by demonic energy
If I absorb it all with my bones
You can activate the strongest power of the divine bone
Once the power of the bones is activated
Then don't you only have 3 days left to live?